Docs: updates HA page (#1034)
pomerium/documentation: content/docs/capabilities/high-availability.mdx

:::

> ## Example: Split-Service Mode

Reviewer: Question: should this whole section be moved into a separate guide page?

I think we're trying to emphasize that you can run a high-availability deployment in either all-in-one or split-service mode, so I don't know if it makes sense to demonstrate the split-service mode here.

Also, the example configuration below doesn't run multiple replicas of the services, does it? I'm not sure it belongs on a page about high availability at all, if we're no longer recommending that all HA deployments use split-service mode.

The following configuration demonstrates a minimum configuration for the split-service mode, using Docker Compose on a local host.

> This guide intentionally omits provisioning certificates for internal Pomerium interactions for simplicity.

Reviewer: What are "internal Pomerium interactions"? Does this refer to service-to-service communication? We might want to rephrase this to clarify.

<InstallMkcert />

Generate a wildcard certificate and key for Pomerium to use:

```sh
mkcert "*.localhost.pomerium.io"
```

This should output two files:

- `_wildcard.localhost.pomerium.io-key.pem`

> - `_wildcard.localhost.pomerium.io.pem` (This is a special domain that always resolves to `127.0.0.1`.)

Reviewer: (optional)
```suggestion
- `_wildcard.localhost.pomerium.io.pem`

(Our DNS is configured so that all sub-domains of "localhost.pomerium.io" will resolve to the loopback address `127.0.0.1`.)
```

cp "$(mkcert --CAROOT)"/rootCA.pem .
```

> Create a minimum Pomerium configuration file, filling in your identity provider parameters:

Reviewer: same here: "minimum" -> "minimal" ?
